Support other flavour of CRI (#1437)
kubernetes-sigs/image-builder: docs/book/src/capi/cri/cri.md

# Container Runtime

> The image-builder project support different implementation, referred as flavour in this book, as CRI. The preferred one is containerd but cri-o is supported for some kind of platforms - depending on cri-o supported operating systems. By default the built-in CNI provided by CRI-O is disabled, to enabled use the following variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image-builder project supports different implementations of CRI, referred to as flavours in this book. The preferred option is containerd, but CRI-O is supported for some platforms. By default, the built-in CNI provided by CRI-O is disabled. To enable it use the following variable:
```

```json
{
  "crio_disable_default_cni": "false",
}
```

## crictl

> When cri-o is preferred, crictl is not provided with the package. This means you need to install it using the http source type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When CRI-O is specified, `crictl` is not provided with the installation package. You need to install it using the `http` source type:
```

```json
{
  "crictl_source_type": "http",
}
```

## Running sandboxed containers using gVisor

> As of now gVisor support is implemented but broken - [gvisor/issue/3283](https://github.com/google/gvisor/issues/3283). Refer to the [relative section](./customizing-containerd.md) keeping in mind that the variables are similar but different:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of now, gVisor support is implemented but broken. See [gvisor/issue/3283](https://github.com/google/gvisor/issues/3283). Refer to the [relative section](./customizing-containerd.md), keeping in mind that the variables are similar but different:
```

```json
{
    "crio_gvisor_runtime": true,

>     "crio_gvisor_version": "yyyymmdd", // or latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "crio_gvisor_version": "yyyymmdd", // or "latest"
```

}
```

> For example you can build the qcow2 image with gvisor enabled with this snippet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can build the qcow2 image with gVisor enabled with this command:
```
